‚òÄÔ∏è Aero-WeatherApp A dynamic and user-friendly desktop weather
application built with Python and PySide6, fetching live data from the
OpenWeatherMap API. Available as both source code and a standalone
executable.

‚öôÔ∏è How to Use Get an API Key: Sign up for a free API key at
OpenWeatherMap.

Save Your Key: Paste your API key into the \"API Key Settings\" box on
the left panel and click \"Save Key\".

Search for a City: Type a city name into the search bar on the main
panel and press \"Search\" (or hit Enter).

View Results: See the current temperature, weather conditions, \"feels
like\" temperature, and a weather icon.

Add to Favorites: Click the \"‚≠ê Add to favorites\" button that appears
after a successful search to save the city to the left panel.

Use Favorites: Click on any city in your favorites list to get an
instant weather update for that location.

‚ö° Key Features Dynamic UI: The application\'s background and color
theme dynamically change based on the current weather conditions (e.g.,
Clear, Clouds, Rain, Snow).

Favorites Management: Save, view, and delete your favorite cities for
quick access.

Persistent Settings: Your API key and favorites list are automatically
saved to weather_app_config.json, persisting between sessions.

Real-time Data: Fetches live weather data from the OpenWeatherMap API,
including temperature, descriptions, and \"feels like\" metrics.

Weather Icons: Displays icons from the API that match the current
weather.

Error Handling: Provides clear user feedback for common issues like
\"City not found\" or \"Invalid API Key\". üöÄ Getting Started There are
two ways to use this application:

Download and Run (Easy) Go to the dist folder of this repository.

Download the Aero-weatherapp.exe executable file.

Double-click the file to launch the application. No installation is
required.

Follow the \"How to Use\" steps to add your API key.

‚ö†Ô∏è Important Notes API Key is Required: The application will not work
without a valid API key from OpenWeatherMap.

Internet Connection: An active internet connection is required to fetch
live weather data.

Config File: Your API key and favorites are stored locally in
weather_app_config.json. Deleting this file will reset your settings. üéØ
Pro Tips Clicking a favorite city instantly refreshes the weather data
for that location.

Pay attention to the changing background colors based on the weather!

Your API key is stored in weather_app_config.json and is hidden
(password-masked) in the UI for security.

Enjoy tracking live weather! ‚òÄÔ∏èüåßÔ∏è‚ùÑÔ∏è
